{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f4\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11440\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 The Cheat
\fs24  v1.1.1
\fs42 \

\fs24 Chaz McGarvey\

\f1\b0\fs32 March 8, 2004
\f0\b\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj

\fs28 \cf0 What is The Cheat?
\f1\b0 \
\
The Cheat is an application referred to as a 
\f2\i universal game trainer
\f1\i0 .  It allows you to alter many different aspects of computer games.  For example, you can change things like the amount of lives your character has, the amount of ammo, the level you're on, the abilities you have, your location in the game, and whatever else you want to change in your games.  This all occurs in real-time while the game is running, and the process will work for almost any game.  The Cheat contains the following features:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj

\f3 \cf0 - Includes support for finding strings, integers, and floats.\
- Ability to pause the target application without switching programs.\
- Browse and change possible variables from a list.\
- Remote cheating lets you cheat games which won't give up full-screen.\
- Ability to change variables continually, keeping a variable constant.\
- Undo/redo works to revert to previous search results.
\f1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj
\cf0 \

\f0\b How does it work?
\f1\b0 \
\
Although the process has been used to cheat games for many years, it is relatively new to Mac OS X.  Similar programs have been written for many platforms including Windows and many different game consoles.  To do what it does, The Cheat accesses the memory of other applications.  It first reads through the entire address space, searching for variables based on input you provide.  Search results are then narrowed down by scanning the memory again after the value of the variable you are searching for has changed.  After a few searches, there should only be one variable remaining (ideally).  The Cheat will then allow you to change this variable to whatever you want.  To learn more about using the program, refer to the tutorial which you should have received with the application.\
\

\f0\b Is this safe?
\f1\b0 \
\
Mac OS X includes support for protected memory which disables running processes from accessing the address spaces of other processes and of the operating system.  This causes a more stable system because faulty applications won't be able to trash the memory of other applications which could cause certain applications to crash or the entire operating system to crash.  So since The Cheat is able to get around this protection, might this be bad for stability?  Well, potentially yes.  However, The Cheat only changes the memory of other programs where you tell it to.  Thus, if you follow the process correctly, your games should never crash.  Furthermore, assuming you don't run The Cheat as root (which would not be a good idea), The Cheat will not be able to alter any system-critical processes so it would actually be very difficult if not impossible to crash your system using The Cheat.\
\
That said, The Cheat does support a feature called remote cheating.  This allows you to cheat programs running on one computer from another computer on the same network.  This feature exists to allow programs which won't give up full-screen to be cheated.  However, if there happens to be any malicious Mac OS X users on your network who also have The Cheat, they could potentially access the memory of your applications whenever remote cheating is enabled.  This feature is off by default.  It is recommended that you leave it off whenever you don't need its functionality.\
\

\f0\b So who writes this software?
\f1\b0 \
\
I do.  If you need to contact me, my hours are 12 a.m. to 11:59:59 p.m. (yes, I need at least a second off) Monday through Saturday.  Get ahold of me if you have questions about the software or if you have bugs to report.  There are also resources on my web site (including discussion forums and source code for developers).\
\
Web:	http://www.brokenzipper.com\
Email:	chaz@brokenzipper.com\
\
Be sure to have a nice disposition if you decide to contact me, and keep in mind that that this software is free.\
\

\f0\b Do you keep track of version history?
\f1\b0 \
\
Against my better judgment, yes.  Here it is:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj

\f4\fs24 \cf0 1.1.1	(03/08/04, public)\
Bug Fixes:\
- String searches can now be narrowed down (sorry about that).\
\
1.1		(03/08/04, public)\
New Features:\
- Update Check (query a server to determine current version).\
- Ability to specify how many hits you want The Cheat to show you.\
Bug Fixes:\
- String changing now changes the correct number of bytes.\
- Other minor bugs.\
Other Changes:\
- String searching is now optimized.\
- Default port changed from 5007 to 51835.\
- New icon.\
\
1.0		(12/19/03, public)\
Bug Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj
\cf0 - User interface glitch disallowing continuous changes to be stopped.\
- Other minor bugs.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj
\cf0 \
1.0b4	(12/11/03, internal)\
Bug Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj
\cf0 - The address table selection can now be changed during a continuous change.\
- Stability issues relating to the network browser.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj
\cf0 - Server finder no longer displays servers on the local machine.\
- Some crashes resolved.\
Other Changes:\
- Progress bar changed to the round variety.\
- Information about searches is now provided for new users.\
- Minor user interface improvements.\
\
1.0b3	(11/26/03, internal)\
New Features:\
- Change values on a time interval to make variables seem constant.\
- Informative about box added.\
Bug Fixes:\
- Searching implemented for all supported types.\
- Changing values now works.\
- Searching/changing decimal numbers is no longer broken.\
- Targets can now be paused before the first search.\
- Other minor bugs.\
\
1.0b2	(11/12/03, internal)\
New Features:\
- Remote cheating (cheat games over a network).\
- Pause target (pause without switching applications).\
Bug Fixes:\
- Some user interface glitches fixed.\
Other Changes:\
- New icon.\
\
1.0b1	(09/04/03, public)\
Features:\
- Searching and changing integers, strings, and floats.\
- Changing variables from a list.
\f1\fs28 \
\
Remember, different versions of The Cheat are not guaranteed to be able to communicate with each other using the remote cheating feature.  It is highly recommended that you upgrade every copy on you network if you use remote cheating.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj

\f0\b \cf0 My computer died.  Can I sue you?
\f1\b0 \
\
Uh, no...  Here are the complete terms of use:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj

\f4\fs24 \cf0 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\f1\fs28 \
\
Fortunately, The Cheat hasn't yet caused any dead computers to my knowledge.  Let's cross our fingers and hope the luck continues.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj

\f0\b \cf0 So what else is there?
\f1\b0 \
\
Well that's pretty much it.  If you are new to universal game trainers, I highly recommend that you go through the included tutorial before you try to figure it out yourself and ultimately become frustrated.  The tutorial doesn't include everything, though, so visit the forums or email me if you need additional help.  I'm really quite willing to help provided I have time.  Other than that, just have fun with The Cheat.  Or don't.  Whatever.\
}